Why does this feel so familiar?
Is it him?
I'm still alive.
How could it be him?
I'll be fine with me
I'm going to the hospital soon, I'm not going
I'm going to the hospital, okay?
go back
Come on, we just got married
No way.
Nanke
I suddenly remembered that there is still some work to be done
Ha, I'm going back to work overtime
Hmm earth
OK
I'll take your mommy to a cold shower first
Won't admit the taste
You are awake
How are you feeling out?
Oh, my God.
What have I done?
Is the drug still working?
Dr. Shen, come here quickly
I'm fine, don't call
Are you sure I'm sure
Mr. Feng, I'm sorry.
Did that scare you?
I'm not usually like this
I know you've been drugged.
We are husband and wife
You don't have to say sorry to me, kitty.
Mommy, how are you?
Give me a seam
Mommy, what's wrong with you?
Mommy is ok
Thanks to you and Mr. Feng for saving Mommy's life
Daddy did a good job
Hey, you saved my life.
Mommy, I declare
From today onwards, you are my dear daddy
Wow
Okay, then I will be your biological father. Okay.
Uncle Gao
Help me check the surveillance of the Imperial Army Club five years ago
I want to know if that woman is Song Dankun